# Meeting Notes

In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings.
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any

# Meeting 23.10.2023 12::00

**Participants**:

1. Mikhail Romanov
2. Kalle Lindgren
3. Aki Oura
4. Leo Teodosin

## Actions

1. Mikhail Romanov will start level class
2. Leo Teodosin will start object class
3. Kalle Lindgren will look into sfml
4. Aki Oura will help Leo with object class, and start designing models for towers and enemies

## Project status

Planning is complete, starting work on object and level classes. Also looking into sfml library

### TODOs

1. Level and Object classes
2. Get to know sfml library
3. Graphics

### ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Meeting 1.11.2023 14::00

**Participants**:

1. Mikhail Romanov
2. Kalle Lindgren
3. Aki Oura
4. Leo Teodosin

## Summary of works

1. Kalle Lindgren

   Watched sfml, look into cmake and made "src/game.hpp"

2. Aki Oura

   Drew five new characters

3. Leo Teodosin

   Made object, tower and enemy classes, also started making classes for each charrecter

4. Mikhail Romanov

   Made level and square classes

## Challenges

1. Random generated map function in level.hpp / level.cpp

## Actions

1. Kalle starts designing gui for the game
2. Aki draws all missing charrecters
3. Leo starts making classes for each charrecter
4. Mikhail makes cmake file for tests and helps leo

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status

Under work

### TODOs

1. GUI
2. object class
3. charrecters textures

### ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Meeting 08.11.2023 14::00

**Participants**:

1. Mikhail Romanov
2. Kalle Lindgren
3. Aki Oura
4. Leo Teodosin

## Summary of works

1. Mikhail Romanov

   Modified Level and square classes that level stores all information of objects
   Helped Leo with object classes

2. Leo Teodosin

   Made subclasses to object for different towers and enemies

3. Aki Oura

   Made four new graphics for towers and enemies

4. Kalle Lindgren

   Made game class for GUI, and for future control of whole game

## Challenges

1. Attack function in object
2. In square class occupied_by enum was done first wrong

## Actions

1. Mikhail will update level if needed and will help leo with object class
2. Leo will continue with object class
3. Aki will do rest of the graphics
4. Kalle will continue with gui and ui

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status

Under work

### TODOs

1. Mikhail: level and object classes
2. Leo: Object class
3. Aki: Graphics
4. Kalle: GUI

### ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Meeting 14.11.2023 14::00

**Participants**:

1. Mikhail Romanov
2. Kalle Lindgren
3. Aki Oura
4. Leo Teodosin

## Summary of works

1. Mikhail Romanov

   Made sfml to show textures of enemies and towers. Connecterd level to game class better

2. Kalle Lindgren

   Continues with GUI

3. Aki Oura

   Made five new charrecters

4. Leo Teodosin

   Made working object class with basic towers and enemies

## Challenges

1. Object class in general
2. Showing grid from level

## Actions

1. Mikhail will continue with connecting objects to game class
2. Aki will do textures for road, grass and all other charecters
3. Leo will continue with object and will do classes for every object type
4. Kalle will do finnish with gui

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status

Under work

### TODOs

1. Mikhail will continue with sfml and level
2. Aki textures
3. Leo will continue with objects
4. Kalle will continue with gui

### ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Meeting dd.mm.2021 HH::MM

**Participants**:

1. Member 1
2. Member 2
3. Member 3
4. Member 4

## Summary of works

1. Member 1

   Implementing the class XX. Tested the class XX.
   Results are in `tests/<class-xx-tests>`. Resolved the identified problems.

2. Member 2

   Same as above

3. ...

## Challenges

1. The integration of UI with the monsters requires an abstract interface.
2. ...

## Actions

1. Member 1 is going to look into defining an abstract interface for monsters
   to enable easy UI integration.
2. Member 2 is going to work with Member 1 to use abstract interface in derived
   monster classes.
3. Member 2 is going to test the interface.
4. Member 3 is going to use ...

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status

Short summary of current project status.

### TODOs

1. Member 1: Write an action.
2. ...
